This problem was asked by Google.

Implement an LFU (Least Frequently Used) cache. It should be able to be initialized with a cache size n, and contain the following methods:

set(key, value): sets key to value. If there are already n items in the cache and we are adding a new item, then it should also remove the least frequently used item. If there is a tie, then the least recently used key should be removed.
get(key): gets the value at key. If no such key exists, return null.
Each operation should run in O(1) time.


let Cache = class {
  constructor(size,last) {
    this.size = size 
    this.list = []
    this.last = last
  }
  addSet (key,value){ 
    if(this.list.length<this.size){
      //if we are not at the max size we add the item directly to the end of the list so we can easily figure out what item is the least used item
      
      this.list.push({key:key, value:value, use:0});
      //not sure why but when I try to push {key:value,use:0} the object does not update key according to the argument it will leave it as 'key' the same can be said for 'use'
          
      this.last = this.list[this.list.length-1]
      // we want to keep updating what last is through out the entire class so it'll make things easier when we need to over right what is least used
      
    }else{     
      this.list[this.list.length-1]={
        key:key,value:value,use:0
      };
      // we update the last item in our list then we update the pointer to the last item in ourt list 
      
      this.last = this.list[this.list.length-1]
    }
  }
  getkey(key){
    let found = this.list.find(el=>el.key==key);
      if(found){
      //if the key exists in our list we are going to update the use count then update the list's order AND the pointer to where the least used item is on the list
        found.use++;
        this.list.sort(function(a,b){
          return b.use - a.use
        });
        this.last = this.list[this.list.length-1]; 
        return found.value
       }
       return null
  }
  getlast(){
    return this.last
  }
};

//attempt #1 : https://repl.it/@ThaiSonP/Least-Frequently-Used-cache#index.js
let test = new Cache(2);
test.addSet(1,1)
test.addSet(2,2)


test.getkey(2)
test.getkey(1)
test.getkey(1)
test.getlast()
test.getkey(3)

// console.log(test)
